Add dev environment installation instructions for Arch Linux-based systems (#5192)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/contributing/development-environment.md

  brew install git python pyenv redis curl openssl node sqlite3 geos
  ```

  Arch Linux
  ```bash
  # Update the system and AUR (you can use any other AUR helper of choice) first:
  sudo pacman -Syyu
  pikaur -Syu
  ```

  ```bash
  # Install the required dependencies:
  sudo pacman -S base-devel curl git redis cmake gcc python python-pip tk libldap libsasl pkgconf ffmpeg geos openldap python-lda
  ```

  ```bash

>   # Since migration only works with Python 3.9, because the Iterable class has been removed from collections in Python 3.10, install Python 3.9 if you don’t have it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # CVAT supports only Python 3.9, so install it if you don’t have it:
```

>   # Since migration only works with Python<=3.9, because the Iterable class has been removed from collections in Python 3.10, install Python<=3.9 if you don’t have it:

Reviewer: Please update the wording in the comment from the point that Python 3.9 is expected and the only supported by the CVAT server.

Author: Sure, specified the only supported Python version in the comment.
